A few comments (#1)
brian-avery/envoy: source/docs/ondemand_rds_vhds.md

In order to fix this issue, we are implementing on-demand RDS. On-demand RDS, which uses the delta xDS protocol, is an independent protocol ([DeltaAggregatedResources](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/master/api/envoy/service/discovery/v2/ads.proto#L35)) from normal xDS. Instead of always sending the full route config, Envoy will be able to subscribe/unsubscribe from a list of resources stored internally in the config server. The config server will monitor this list and use it to filter the configuration sent to an individual Envoy instance to only contain the subscribed resources. 

## Joining/Reconnecting
When an Envoy instance forms a delta xDS connection to the config server for the first time, it will receive a base configuration filtered down to a subset of routes that are likely useful to the Envoy instance. For example, these might be filtered down by routes that exist in the current namespace. The config server will send this same collection of resources on reconnect.  

> I think the illustration is incomplete: RDS setup can happen over normal discovery, delta, or multiplexed over ADS. In the latter case RDS must be using delta, as VHDS supports delta-discovery only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

![Joining/Reconnecting diagram](delta_rds_connection.png)

## Requesting Additional Resources

> In order to request additional resources, Envoy will send a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) to an xDS/management/config? server. The config server will then respond with a [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193) which is followed up by an Ack/Nack [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) from Envoy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to request additional resources, Envoy will send a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) to a config server. The config server will then respond with a [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193) which is followed up by an Ack/Nack [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) from Envoy. 
```

    
![Request additional resources diagram](delta_rds_request_additional_resources.png)

## Virtual Host Discovery Service

> In order to support on-demand, an additional protocol, VHDS, will be added. This protocol allows a separation of concerns with RDS where RDS is in charge of maintaining route configs while VHDS is in charge of communicating virtual hosts. In VHDS, Envoy will send an [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with type_url set to type.googleapis.com/envoy.api.v2.route.VirtualHost and resource_names set to a list of routeconfig names + the request HTTP "host" headers for which it would like configuration. The management server will respond with a [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193) with the resources field populated with the specified virtual hosts, the name field populated with the virtual host name, and the alias field populated with the explicit (no wildcard) domains of the virtual host. Future updates to these virtual hosts will be sent via spontaneous updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support on-demand, an additional protocol, VHDS, will be added. This protocol allows a separation of concerns with RDS where RDS is in charge of maintaining route configs while VHDS is in charge of communicating virtual hosts. In VHDS, Envoy will send a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with type_url set to type.googleapis.com/envoy.api.v2.route.VirtualHost and resource_names set to a list of routeconfig names + the request HTTP "host" headers for which it would like configuration. The management server will respond with a [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193) with the resources field populated with the specified virtual hosts, the name field populated with the virtual host name, and the alias field populated with the explicit (no wildcard) domains of the virtual host. Future updates to these virtual hosts will be sent via spontaneous updates.
```

## Unsubscribing from Virtual Hosts
Virtual hosts can be unsubscribed to via a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with their route config names + domains provided in the resource_names_unsubscribe field. Envoy will remove any route config names + domains that it finds in the [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) removed_resources field. 

## Subscribing to Virtual Hosts

> Envoy will send a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with the resource_names_subscribe field populated with the route config names + domains of each of the resources that it would like to subscribe to. Each of the virtual hosts contained in the [DeltaDiscoveryRequest's](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) resources field will be added to the route configuration maintained by Envoy. If Envoy's route configuration already contains a given virtual host, it will be overwritten by data received in the [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193), but only if updated vhost is different from its current state. During spontaneous updates configuration server will only send updates for virtual hosts that Envoy is aware of -- the configuration server needs to keep track of virtual hosts known to Envoy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Envoy will send a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with the resource_names_subscribe field populated with the route config names + domains of each of the resources that it would like to subscribe to. Each of the virtual hosts contained in the [DeltaDiscoveryRequest's](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) resources field will be added to the route configuration maintained by Envoy. If Envoy's route configuration already contains a given virtual host, it will be overwritten by data received in the [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193), but only if the updated virtual host is different from its current state. During spontaneous updates configuration server will only send updates for virtual hosts that Envoy is aware of -- the configuration server needs to keep track of virtual hosts known to Envoy.
```

> In order to fix this issue, we are implementing on-demand RDS. On-demand RDS, which uses the delta xDS protocol, is an independent protocol ([DeltaAggregatedResources](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/master/api/envoy/service/discovery/v2/ads.proto#L35)) from normal xDS. Instead of always sending the full route config, Envoy will be able to subscribe/unsubscribe from a list of resources stored internally in Istio. Istio will monitor this list and use it to filter the configuration sent to an individual Envoy instance to only contain the subscribed resources. Initially, Istio will only support delta RDS since that’s where the bulk of the configuration is coming from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to fix this issue, we are implementing on-demand RDS. On-demand RDS, which uses the delta xDS protocol, is an independent protocol ([DeltaAggregatedResources](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/master/api/envoy/service/discovery/v2/ads.proto#L35)) from normal xDS. Instead of always sending the full route config, Envoy will be able to subscribe/unsubscribe from a list of resources stored internally in the config server. The config server will monitor this list and use it to filter the configuration sent to an individual Envoy instance to only contain the subscribed resources. 
```

## Joining/Reconnecting
When an Envoy instance joins the cluster for the first time, it will receive a base configuration filtered down to a subset of routes that are likely useful to the Envoy instance. For example, these might be filtered down by routes that exist in the current namespace. Pilot will send this same collection of resources on reconnect.  

I think the illustration is incomplete: RDS setup can happen over normal discovery, delta, or multiplexed over ADS. In the latter case RDS must be using delta, as VHDS supports delta-discovery only. 

![Joining/Reconnecting diagram](delta_rds_connection.png)

## Requesting Additional Resources

> In order to request additional resources, Envoy will send a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) to an xDS/management/config? server. Pilot will then respond with an [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193) which is followed up by an Ack/Nack [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) from Envoy. 

Author: I'm suggesting to replace instances of "Pilot" with xDS/management/config? server, which is sufficient for this doc, I think

    
![Request additional resources diagram](delta_rds_request_additional_resources.png)

## Virtual Host Discovery Service

> In order to support on-demand, an additional protocol, VHDS, will be added. This protocol allows a separation of concerns with RDS where RDS is in charge of maintaining route configs while VHDS is in charge of communicating virtual hosts. In VHDS, Envoy will send an [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with type_url set to type.googleapis.com/envoy.api.v2.route.VirtualHost and resource_names set to a list of routeconfig names + domains/contents of the "host" http headers for which it would like configuration. The management server will respond with an [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193) with the resources field populated with the specified virtual hosts, the name field populated with the virtual host name, and the alias field populated with the explicit (no wildcard) domains of the virtual host. Future updates to these virtual hosts will be sent via spontaneous updates.

Author: resource_names set to a list of routeconfig names + domains/contents of the "host" http headers -- or some other way to point out that a resource name can, in fact, contain an fqdn. Possibly redundant, as this should be viewed in the context of Envoy?

## Unsubscribing from Virtual Hosts
Virtual hosts can be unsubscribed to via a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with their route config names + domains provided in the resource_names_unsubscribe field. Envoy will remove any route config names + domains that it finds in the [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) removed_resources field. 

## Subscribing to Virtual Hosts

> Envoy will send a [DeltaDiscoveryRequest](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) with the resource_names_subscribe field populated with the route config names + domains of each of the resources that it would like to subscribe to. Each of the virtual hosts contained in the [DeltaDiscoveryRequest's](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L137) resources field will be added to the route configuration maintained by Envoy. If Envoy's route configuration already contains a given virtual host, it will be overwritten by data received in the [DeltaDiscoveryResponse](https://github.com/envoyproxy/data-plane-api/blob/master/envoy/api/v2/discovery.proto#L193), but only if updated vhost is different from its current state. During spontaneous updates configuration server will only send updates for virtual hosts that Envoy is aware of -- the configuration server needs to keep track of virtual hosts known to Envoy.

Author: A clarification here that vhost config will only be updated if it differs from the current one
